the mayor of New York City bill de
blasio is the newest Democratic
candidate for president he was on Good
Morning America today where he showed
that Donald Trump isn't the only one who
can come up with cutting nicknames for
his opponents Donald Trump is playing a
big con on America I call him con Don he
really puts the BLA in de Blasio
according to a recent poll 76% of New
York City residents think de Blasio
should not run for president but he did
get a warm reception outside of GMA this
morning you can see now this is inside
the studio but just outside the studio a
number of well-wishers gathered to show
their support for the mayor of New York
some of them even made him campaign
signs he's very popular maybe he's
running for president so he can get away
from all the people who hate him in New
York I really don't know what those
DeBlasio is thinking he has he has no
winner I mean this is basically Bill de
Blasio's campaign
the saddest birthday in town at this
point announcing it running for
president is like announcing you're
running a 5k good for you
no one cares don't post pictures there
are now 23 Democrats in the race and
unless one of these guys has a dragon we
don't know about I don't know how many
of them come out of this alive ok
speaking of being of new york city
politicians anthony weiner is out of
prison he was a sir 15 months for
sexting with a 15 year old will now
serve three years of supervised release
which sounds dirty but it's not it means
that he will have his computer use
monitored by a probation officer at all
times imagine having that job watching
somebody else use the computer to make
sure they don't take a picture of their
penis and this must be torture for
Anthony Weiner he probably got super
jacked in prison now he can't send
pictures of that his body to anyone if I
was an athlete arena I'd run for
president I'll tell you what is that way
when he goes around the neighborhood
knocking on people's doors to tell him
he's a sex offender he can follow it up
with and by the way I'm running for
president can I count on your vote hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it